"Move, move, move, move!" Yoongi shouts, voice tight with terror as he shoves at Taehyung’s back and sends him tumbling towards the elevator.

Taehyung’s shoulder collides with the metal doors and they vibrate from the impact. He jams his blood-soaked fingers into the down arrow button frantically, and Yoongi watches the glowing numbers above the doors count down once the elevator starts to descend the floors at a tortuous creeping pace.

Whipping back around, Yoongi sees the infected swarming into the hallway in masses. He stumbles back on shaky legs and presses his back to Taehyung's, holding his knife in front of him even though it is of no real use.

Not when Taehyung has a hand clamped around his bloody bicep where the bite sits, and not when they have neither the antidote nor a helpful firearm.

Yoongi clamps his teeth shut when he feels a scream grow in his throat.

"How many floors?" he hisses quietly.

"Four," Taehyung grunts out. He sounds out of breath, and Yoongi's eyes briefly dart to the wound on his arm that has bled through his shirt and painted it red.

The sight of it makes Yoongi swallow hard, like if he dares to breathe too openly, he’ll scream.

"Three," Taehyung counts, voice hoarse. Yoongi feels Taehyung’s back hunch over and tremble as he braces his forearms against the elevator doors to hold himself up.

They don't have long, and Yoongi's face crumples when he recalls Taehyung shoving him out of the way of the infected’s jaw only for it to sink its teeth into his own arm.

He closes his eyes for a second and blinks back the tears because they don’t have the fucking time for that.

Despite their frightening numbers, the infected have terrible coordination and navigation skills due to their poor eyesight. But Yoongi swallows down the ugly sob building in his throat because they make up for their bad vision with terrifying auditory perception. More of them continue to spill into the narrow hallway, stumbling and falling over each other in their blind haphazard attempts to locate them. And Yoongi instinctively leans back when one of them gets too close. Taehyung hisses in pain at the added weight.

"Two," he strains his neck to whisper into Yoongi’s ear, and Yoongi tightens his grip around the hilt of his knife. His hands are shaking uncontrollably and he can’t hear anything past the thundering of his heart, so hard and fast his chest hurts.

Nineteen floors—they just need to reach the nineteenth floor in the little time they have. Seokjin had stored the vials of their experimental antidote in his office. They hadn’t gotten an opportunity to test it yet so there’s no guarantee that it’ll work. But with Taehyung’s body shaking as he draws in terrifyingly shallow breaths, Yoongi is left with very little options.

The seconds slowly crawl by, each one of them feeling like a lifespan of its own, and Yoongi tries to will the wild throbbing of his heart. He would call for help had he not lost his phone and all hopes of contact with the others along with it in the midst of the chaos.

"One," Taehyung cautions under his breath.

A few of the infected have crawled closer, and something horrible and uneasy starts to slither under Yoongi’s skin as the elevator creeps down slowly.

He feels Taehyung lean away from the doors, and for a moment everything goes frightfully still. Like the world is holding its breath.

Then Yoongi hears the pleasant ding! that announces the elevator’s arrival.

And like a lightning bolt, hundreds of necks crack and whip in their direction in eerie synchronization just as the elevator gives away their location.

Yoongi’s eyes widen and then freeze stiff in horror.

The infected immediately start to crawl over one another with alarming speed in order to get to them first, and for a brief moment Yoongi is rooted to his spot, fright locking his muscles tight in paralysis.

He wants to run, but he can’t move.

But then Yoongi feels Taehyung’s body twist behind him. Taehyung grips Yoongi tight by the forearm, and with a sudden burst of strength, just about flings him inside the elevator.

Yoongi lets out a loud broken scream when his head hits the wall and his shoulder is pushed into the floor hard.

His eyes fly open to see Taehyung standing before the lift's doors. He’s blocking the infected’s path to the elevator, his fingers curled tight around the hilt of the knife he’d snatched out of Yoongi’s hand.

The doors begin to close, and all at once, Yoongi is hit with the brutal realisation of what Taehyung intends to do. He watches the infected drag themselves over each other’s writhing bodies till one of them gets close, close enough to lunge at Taehyung with its jaw hinged wide open.

And for one long bone-chilling moment, Yoongi can’t move. Can’t breathe. He feels the horror seize him tight by the throat and shove him down into the floor, one hand squeezing his throat and the other pushing down hard on his chest. Pushing and pushing till all air is forced out of his lungs and Yoongi’s left gasping for breath.

Taehyung drives the blade down the infected’s mouth, wedging it between its teeth to hold its jaw open as he hacks at it from the inside. But there’s no way he can hold back the entire sea of infected bodies crawling towards him.

Only an inch of a gap remains between the elevator doors.

Stricken by a panicked urgency, Yoongi pushes himself off the floor. He wheezes—he can’t breathe, can’t suck in air when his stomach is clenched tight. He scrambles up on his knees and dives forward just in time to shove a palm between the metal doors and keep them from closing in.

The doors jerk to a stop and then groan as they open once again. Yoongi falls forward on his palms as he tries to catch his breath. He can see Taehyung struggling to hold back the growing throng of infected bodies surging towards him. One of them tries to bite down on his thigh but Taehyung kicks it away with a boot to its face. His injured arm is restraining his movements and keeping him from fighting like he typically would.

Another infected grabs onto his bitten bicep. Its frame is so small that Yoongi suspects it’s a girl no older than eleven. But he has no room left inside him for sympathy.

He leaps up to his feet and surges forward to tear her off Taehyung’s arm, tossing her to the side where she hits the wall with a loud crack and crumples.

Taehyung whips around to look at him with startled eyes.

"Why are you—" he starts but doesn’t get to finish what he’s saying because Yoongi is lunging further forward to grab him by the back of his collar.

"You suicidal fucker," he spits and tugs at his shirt to wrench him back into the elevator, deaf to Taehyung’s protests as he repeatedly slams his palm down on the button to close the elevator’s doors.

But it’s too slow, and more of the infected have crawled over the ones that fell before them. One of them reaches forward with its hand and grabs the edge of the door to stop them from falling shut.

Yoongi stumbles back and shoves Taehyung towards the far end of the elevator. Taehyung cries out in pain when his arm collides against the wall.

Yoongi blindly pats the floor behind him to reach for the knife as the infected pushes its way in and snarls at them, its spittle hitting Yoongi in the face when it opens its jaw wide enough to bite their heads off their necks.

Yoongi’s fingers finally curl around the familiar metal just as the infected lunges at him. And he ducks to the side, falling hard on his elbow and biting down on his tongue to crush the scream that threatens to leave him.

The infected makes a horrible sound, something between a screech and a croak, and Yoongi twists his torso to grab it by the hair from behind. It thrashes in his hold, but Yoongi jerks its head back to keep it from biting him.

It is easier to convince himself that the infected are no longer human; it certainly helps lift the weight of the guilt that comes crawling up to his chest in the deepest hours of the night and threatens to throttle him. But no matter how much he wants to believe it, Yoongi knows that they are still human. The few experiments Jimin and he had run have left no doubt that not only do they perceive pain just like the rest of them, the infected also possess sophisticated cognitive abilities to an extent.

But for all their tests, they still only know so much about them. Despite Namjoon's persistent attempts to communicate with them, they’ve had little success. The infected can talk, that is not the mystery, but nothing in their observed verbal repertoire seems to bear resemblance to any known language. There have been instances of the infected displaying cooperative behavior as well, but with what little they know of their speech and cognition, it is hard to learn exactly how cooperation between them is possible.

All they know for certain is that the virus spreads via blood or bite, and that once it makes its journey to the head, it causes drastic mutations in the brain, ones that have never been observed before.

At this distance, Yoongi can tell that the infected in his hold is a woman in her early twenties, and even though Yoongi left his morals behind him long before the pandemic hit them, it certainly doesn’t make the job any easier. It’s not his first time killing one of them, but it is Seokjin or Jungkook or Taehyung who are typically sent out to assist in extermination or capture missions.

The thought of Taehyung bleeding out on the floor not a meter away from him is what has Yoongi driving his knee into the woman's spine to hold her still. He takes the sharp edge of the knife and jams it into the carotid artery running along the side of her neck.

The woman thrashes harder and tries to twist out of his grasp, but Yoongi grits his teeth and drags the knife in an arc to slice her trachea open. A nauseating amount of blood seeps into his hand, but the woman stops moving, her horrifying noises dying once she collapses on the floor underneath him.

The relief is short-lived because Yoongi immediately hears more of them behind him.

He pries out the bloody knife and twists around to see a crawling mass of bodies with twisted limbs and hideous hanging mouths. On any other occasion, Taehyung and he wouldn’t stand a chance with just a knife on them. But due to the sheer number of infected bodies—each one of them trying to cram itself inside first—and the elevator’s entrance serving as a bottleneck, they’ve been able to hold out for this long.

And time is both a curse and a blessing because while they have so little of it, this delay is also their only way out.

The alarm starts blaring right at that moment. After holding the doors for so long, the elevator is finally going to force itself shut.

"Please stand clear of the closing doors," a mechanized voice announces before the doors start closing unprompted.

"Yoongi!" Taehyung shouts at him. "Move!"

Yoongi springs away from the entrance, taken by surprise by the sharp bark in Taehyung’s voice, and he almost trips over the corpse behind him when there’s a sudden sound of a gunshot.

One of the infected falls back with a gaping hole in its forehead, and Yoongi whips his head to the side in shock.

Taehyung has his jaw clenched tight in pain. He raises the pistol in his hand once again to fire a few more shots in quick succession and grits his teeth to brace for the recoil that follows each time. The gunshots have the thick mob of infected falling away from the doors long enough for the elevator to close shut this time.

Yoongi leaps forward to press the button for the nineteenth floor and has to grab onto the railing on his right to keep himself from falling forward when the elevator suddenly jerks forward in a jarring motion and starts to climb up the shaft.

But there is no time for relief to flood his lungs, because not a moment later, Yoongi hears the thunk of a skull meeting the hard metallic surface of the wall. Taehyung hisses, and the gun is dropped on the floor with a loud clatter.

Yoongi curses as he twists around and drops to his knees before Taehyung.

Taehyung is cupping his injured arm that had to bear the brunt of the recoil. Blood drips from the gaps of his fingers, and Yoongi sees the frantic flare and fall of his chest through his soaked shirt stuck to every inch of him.

Gently, Yoongi moves Taehyung’s fingers away from the wound and pulls the fabric of his shirt taut before he starts to hack away the bloody sleeve with his knife.

Taehyung sits with his head tipped back against the wall and his jaw clenched tight while Yoongi works. He’s silent save for the few hisses that escape his teeth, and Yoongi knows that he could be gentler, but his hands are shaking and making his movements clumsier in their panic.

"What the fuck were you thinking?" he hisses, supporting Taehyung’s back off the wall with a palm as he reaches around his torso to unwind the sticky cloth from his body.

Taehyung doesn’t answer him, and Yoongi lets the wet scraps of his shirt fall on the floor. His own hand is dripping with blood. It’s drenched the sleeve of his jacket—soaked his entire arm—and there is something awfully unsettling about seeing so much of Taehyung’s blood on himself.

Taehyung slumps against the wall once again, and his eyes are squeezed shut in pain when Yoongi finally lets himself assess the damage. But he must hear the way Yoongi’s heart screeches to a sharp stop because he opens his eyes slightly.

"Do you get it now?" Taehyung asks him, voice strained and breathless.

Yoongi’s eyes flit to Taehyung’s face for a brief second before falling back to the bite on his bicep. It is a frightful sight. Dark reds and violets are mangled and matted into deep indentations of teeth as wide as his own palm. Blood seeps out of it in streaks and slowly trickles down to collect at the tip of Taehyung’s elbow, and Yoongi feels his stomach churn. He wants to throw up, but he keeps staring at it. He can't look away even when he feels the tears rise to his eyes and blur his sight.

"I am infected, Yoongi." Taehyung sounds unnervingly calm, and Yoongi clenches his teeth tight as the urge to scream grows. "We’re trying to contain the infected to the lower floors, and you’re giving one a free ride all the way to the top."

There is a panic thundering between his temples, so hard that his head throbs, and Yoongi has yet to take his eyes off the horrifying cluster of blue veins that spreads out from the bite and extends all the way up to Taehyung’s neck like roots.

The skin between the two arched rows of teeth is a sickly purple, and Yoongi stares at the way Taehyung’s lower lip trembles, the way his chest seems to stutter and fight for a breath.

"Shut up," he hisses through his gritted teeth, the tears creeping back, and Yoongi hates himself for it.

The air between them is tense, and Yoongi can feel Taehyung’s eyes on him but he's too scared to look up. Instead, he swallows down the lump in his throat harshly and twists around to check the number of floors left to climb.

Seven, the glowing numbers above the car’s control panel say.

Twelve more floors, Yoongi thinks as he stares at the numbers and waits for the eight to follow.

It doesn’t.

Instead, all of a sudden, the lift jerks forward with a violent jolt.

Yoongi throws his hands out to brace the wall on either side of Taehyung’s head, shielding Taehyung’s body with his own just as there is a loud piercing screech and the elevator car comes to an abrupt halt.

The lights go out, and Yoongi’s stomach drops, the knife in his hand falling and clattering against the floor.

"Fuck!" he screams and scrambles off the floor, but he can hardly see a thing in his panic, much less in the dark. Yoongi slips on the blood that's been seeping out from the corpse and flooding the car, and he has just enough time to get his elbows between him and the floor before the collision can crush his nose and knock his teeth down his throat.

A scream catches in his throat when he finds himself inches from the dead woman's face, staring straight into her bloodshot eyes.  And for a moment, Yoongi freezes. Terror strikes down his spine, then slowly coils itself around the length of it.

There's something truly horrifying about staring death in the eye; like if you dare to blink, it'll have you too. And the stench of blood and decayed flesh crawls into his lungs as if it's teasing him with a taste of his own approaching fate, but Yoongi grits his teeth and pushes himself off the floor on tender knees.

He fumbles in the dark for the wall and carefully steps over the corpse as he tries to reach the control panel. When he finds the flip he’s been searching for, Yoongi flicks it up and the emergency lights come on, coating the car with their dim white glow.

The elevator has stopped between the seventh and the eighth floor; and like a possessed man, Yoongi jams his finger into the button for the nineteenth floor again and again.

But nothing happens. The lift remains heavy and stagnant.

"They must’ve cut the power to contain the outbreak," Taehyung says.

Yoongi whips around to look at him, but Taehyung doesn't sound surprised. He doesn't even seem particularly distressed. He looks resigned, and Yoongi doesn't want to think about what that means. He twists back around to press the emergency call button even if part of him already knows that it's hopeless.

A loud ring echoes in the elevator. Nobody picks up—obviously—because who the fuck would be manning the phone desk in the middle of an outbreak.

The ringing continues before it eventually dies out, and the silence that follows it cements up to their throats. The lift remains unmoving even after he's pressed every possible button on the panel.

But Yoongi doesn't turn around. He slams his forehead against the wall and squeezes his eyes shut as hard as he can. Holds back the furious tears that threaten to escape.

In the quiet, everything feels awfully still. And it doesn't take long for Yoongi to recognise it for what it is: the calm before a storm.

The air hangs heavy, and there’s an unfamiliar fear crawling up the back of his neck.

Yoongi holds his breath even though he doesn't know what he's bracing for. All he knows is that there is something coming, and that whatever it is—it isn’t good.

"Yoongi."

Taehyung's voice is soft, and his breathing is hard. It has Yoongi's chest clenching into itself, but he doesn't look at him. There is a chill climbing up his spine, a knowing kind of foreboding.

"I spared a shot from before. You know—just in case," Taehyung says, stilted and jerky.

Yoongi turns around slowly, stiff with dread. There is no wind, everything deadly silent. And Yoongi’s entire body is drawn tight, bracing for what’s to come.

Taehyung is shrunken in towards the far end of the lift, knees curled and pressed to his chest to keep himself warm. Yoongi watches his ribcage shrink down as he breathes.

He’s so pale, so so pale; and he’s bleeding and shivering and—

Smiling. Taehyung is smiling at Yoongi, lips blue and bloodless. Yoongi feels his throat grow impossibly tight.

Taehyung reaches forward with a shaky hand, the pistol clasped in his fingers for Yoongi to take.

"I’d do it myself but." Taehyung lowers his head to look down at his hands, and Yoongi follows his gaze.

They are trembling. Violently.

"They wouldn’t stop shaking," Taehyung breathes out; half a laugh, half choked up with something thick and wet. And Yoongi squeezes his eyes shut.

This time he doesn't bother holding the tears. They drip down his cheeks helplessly, his lungs clenching tight like somebody wrung them dry, and he wants nothing more than to sink to his knees and retch.

Yoongi considers wrenching the doors open and climbing their way out of the lift, but if the strain alone won’t kill Taehyung, the swarm of infected waiting for them outside most definitely will.

Pressing down on his eyes hard enough to hurt, Yoongi forces himself to think, and he doesn't think of the infected. He doesn't think of the wicked, gaping bite that sits on Taehyung's bicep, or how his blood has soaked Yoongi's clothes wet. He doesn't think about their failed marriage or the dead woman staring back at him with haunted hollow eyes. He doesn't think of the antidote that might not even work, or that one savoury bullet sitting in Taehyung's pistol.

He thinks, instead, about the blue blooming on Taehyung's lips and the way his body wouldn't stop shivering.

The way the loss of blood would get to him before any virus can.

"Shut up," Yoongi whispers quietly. "Do me a favor, and just—shut up."

"We don’t have long," Taehyung starts, voice tightening how it always does when he’s about to say something that he knows Yoongi won’t like. "Yoongi—"

"No." Yoongi’s eyes fly open and he jerks his chin down to meet Taehyung’s eyes, suddenly furious. His fists shake where he’s clenched them tight by his sides. "I don’t care."

And he doesn't let Taehyung speak, wasting no time as he steps over the dead body and drops down to his knees before Taehyung to snatch the pistol out of his hands.

"I don’t care," Yoongi hisses again, his face inches from Taehyung’s and his voice wet with something he isn't ready to name yet. "I’m not going to fucking kill you, Taehyung, what the fuck."

Taehyung doesn't answer him, and Yoongi tucks away the pistol in the waistband of his jeans before he strips off his blood-soaked jacket.

"What are you doing?" Taehyung asks him when Yoongi starts to pull his shirt over his head as well.

He makes quick work of it, not caring if his cuts are neat or not. A large portion of the shirt is drenched in blood, and he carefully chops those bits away with his knife until he's left with a long sizeable strip of clean cotton.

Taehyung watches him warily as Yoongi reaches forward to wind the cloth around his bicep and above the bite. Coiling the fabric around Taehyung’s bicep and the curve of his shoulder in two overlapping turns, Yoongi brings the ends together and pulls them tight before tying them into a knot.

"Pass me the knife," he says and holds his palm out without looking away. Taehyung must've caught on because he hands him the metal without a word.

"It won’t stop it completely," Yoongi mutters as he secures the knife to the knot in an attempt at an improvised tourniquet. "But it should buy us some time."

The tourniquet will block both the arterial and lymphatic flow, stopping the bleeding and slowing the spread of the virus. But, realistically, even the best possible outcome would result in Taehyung losing an arm.

Yoongi twists the knife to tighten the bandage and catches Taehyung's face contorting in pain.

"I'm sorry." Yoongi bites his lip as he twists the makeshift windlass one more time and sees the veins in Taehyung’s temples jut out with how hard he’s clenching his jaw.

"It's…fine," Taehyung rasps and lets his head fall back against the wall with a quiet thud.

Holding the knife in its place, Yoongi grabs one of the leftover scraps of cloth, long and thin enough for Yoongi to tie around the hilt of the knife and fasten it to Taehyung's arm to keep it from unspinning and loosening the tourniquet.

"Don't move your arm," Yoongi instructs but then softens his voice. "It's—I'm sorry, it's the best I can do right now."

Losing an arm is a lot better than the other option.

"It's fine," Taehyung repeats. His breaths are strained, and he's squeezed his eyes shut again. "Thank you."

Yoongi drops his hands, and for a long moment he wonders if this is where they break. Alone, confined in a tiny box, blood squelching under their boots and a dead woman watching them with her neck twisted all the way to the side.

Yoongi forces his eyes closed. He feels too unhinged, too jittery. And his entire body threatens to collapse under him as he crawls back to the other end of the car and slumps against the wall across Taehyung.

Taehyung may say that he’s okay, but Yoongi isn’t.

The elevator is dead silent, and for a long time, Yoongi sits there slowly breathing in; then breathing out.

Everything feels uneasy. Too still. And Yoongi closes his eyes and wraps his arms around his knees to keep himself from shivering. He feels unsettled, somewhere inside him that he hadn't felt before.

The elevator is too still. Ominous. Like if he dares to lean too hard against the wall, it will tip over and go hurtling down to their deaths.

Yoongi bites down on his lip and presses his face into his arms until he can’t breathe.

He’s never liked the dark, but he’s so scared. Scared that if he opens his eyes, he’ll see Taehyung slumped against the wall with a bullet sunk into his forehead like a third eye.

Yoongi bites hard on his tongue, and squeezes his eyes shut as hard as he can. He wants to throw up, but he remains frozen against the wall, arms growing numb from how hard he's hugging his knees. He doesn’t know what he’s waiting for, but it doesn’t come.

The pistol stays on his hip, heavy and foreboding, and it’s the sound of Taehyung's quiet voice that snaps him out of it.

"Yoongi," Taehyung says, an awful scratch from his throat.

Yoongi lifts his head to see Taehyung watching him with a dazed look in his eyes. As if he isn't looking at Yoongi at all.

It shouldn't terrify him as much as it does.

"What do you reckon a man from the Upper Paleolithic would be like?" Taehyung says all of a sudden, so abruptly that Yoongi blinks at him in surprise.

"What?" he croaks out and pushes his palms against the floor to sit straighter. The question is so far removed from everything Yoongi's been peeling and picking apart in his own head.

Something briefly flickers across Taehyung’s face, too minute for Yoongi to pick apart, and his eyes slide back to Yoongi’s.

"If say—a man from the late Upper Paleolithic survived until the present day," Taehyung says slowly, his gaze heavy. "What do you think he’d be like?"

Taehyung's eyes are clearer now under the sweat damp hair matted to his forehead. The question makes no more sense than it did the previous time, but Taehyung tips his head to the side as he waits for Yoongi to reply.

Yoongi blinks a few more times as he processes Taehyung's query and attempts to gather his thoughts.

Something is not right, he is sure of that. Something is wrong, something is so, so wrong but Yoongi can’t tell what the cause is.

"Survived—what, like he never died?" he clarifies, and Taehyung nods. "Never aged?"

Taehyung nods again, stiffly, like the action strains him. "Yes. What would he be like?"

There’s an odd inflection in his voice, a forced flatness, like he’s trying very hard to keep it from breaking.

And it is not an unfamiliar situation; it is a game the two of them played often in the past. They threw absurd premises at each other and then attempted to draw some amount of sense from them as they argued. But then why does Yoongi feel like something's not right here?

From the corner of his eye, he sees Taehyung give him a strained smile. And even though something in the air isn't right—a dampness that seems to stick to Yoongi’s skin and sink deep into his bones like a warning: don’t talk of the undead, it says—it still is infinitely better than the image of Yoongi burning a hole in Taehyung’s skull, so he tips his head back against the wall and decides to play along with Taehyung’s absurd hypotheticals despite everything in his body warning him not to.

"I suppose he’d be pretty damn tired," he drawls, and Taehyung laughs. It's a dry, brittle thing.

It makes Yoongi’s skin crawl.

"But, seriously," Yoongi continues once he's gotten past his initial surprise. "I imagine that he might be like any of us."

Taehyung makes a vague sound to prompt him to elucidate, and Yoongi parts his knees to look at him.

"There is no anatomical difference between humans 14,000 years ago and the modern sapien today," he says, but then he clicks his tongue in afterthought. "Except we’ve grown taller."

Taehyung’s lips pull at a corner in an amused smirk.

"Have we all?" he teases as he looks up and down Yoongi’s body pointedly, and then cranes his neck in exaggeration as if Yoongi might be hiding another few inches of his legs somewhere else in the elevator.

Yoongi rolls his eyes at the expected dig and fights down the brief smile that tugs at the corners of his lips. The joke is a sore one for sure, but the familiarity of it eases the tension between them a little. At least Taehyung’s able to joke like this.

"You’re not funny," he tells him, voice flat, and Taehyung grins.

"Natural selection picked taller humans who could see better in the tall grass of the savannahs," Yoongi continues. "Actually, tall and skinny since a higher ratio of surface area to volume radiates heat more effectively in warmer climates. Your human would've lived through what—140 centuries?"

"Roughly, yes."

"I mean, assuming normal intelligence, we believe men from the Upper Paleolithic were as intelligent as we are. They just didn’t know as much. But your man would’ve learned as the race learnt."

Taehyung purses his lips and nods in thought. There’s an odd look on his face. His eyebrows pinch together, and he cuts his eyes back to Yoongi again.

"And what do you suppose would’ve kept him alive?"

Yoongi lifts an eyebrow at him. "Aren’t you supposed to be the biologist?" he asks, but Taehyung makes an impatient flapping gesture with his hand as if to say just answer.

"Fine." Yoongi rolls his eyes for a second time. "In science fiction speak, I'd say…" he thinks for a moment before cocking his head to the side in question, "perfect regeneration of the body’s cells by the circulating mesenchymal stem cells originating in the bone marrow?"

"The pancreas turns over cells every twenty four hours," Taehyung agrees. "The stomach lining in three days, and the whole body in seven years. But typically, with time, the process falters. Waste accumulates and eventually proves fatal to function."

"So if a quirk in his immune system led to a perfect detox, ergo perfect renewal?"

"Then yeah," Taehyung licks his lips, "he could, in a way, dodge decay."

Yoongi laughs at that. "Now wouldn’t I kill to have that secret."

"Would you really?" Taehyung asks him, lips pressing into a straight fine line. Forced, Yoongi thinks.

"If I stayed healthy and didn’t die, then why not?" He shrugs. "What a chance to learn. Who knows, we might even find a cure for the virus through it."

Taehyung shoots him a rueful smile, but Yoongi is picking apart possibilities in his head as he grows more invested in whatever absurdity Taehyung has tossed at him.

"You know, the more I think about it...it’s not completely infeasible," Yoongi muses, pushing himself off the wall and leaning forward on his knees. "After all, anything is possible, right? We’re literally living through a zombie apocalypse. And one century’s magic is another century’s science. Everybody thought Columbus was certifiable."

Taehyung doesn’t respond immediately, and Yoongi creases his eyebrows.

There’s something downright unnerving about the way Taehyung watches him. Something in his face is changing, but Yoongi doesn’t know what, and it terrifies him.

He is so dreadfully still that for one sickening moment, Yoongi is afraid he's going into shock.

But then Taehyung blinks back into focus and smiles.

And suddenly, sharply, Yoongi knows that something’s not right.

"I had a chance to sail with him," Taehyung says, and Yoongi blinks in surprise at the sudden statement.

"By then I had a fair suspicion that the Earth was round, but the fear still lingered, you know? That we might drop off the edge at some point."

Taehyung is still smiling, a taut pull of his pale lips, almost like he’s bracing for something.

Yoongi stares back at Taehyung’s face and hopes that it conveys the loss he’s feeling.

"I suppose you’re joking," he says slowly, and he watches Taehyung carefully.

But Taehyung doesn't reply. His smile tightens just a little, like he’s wincing.

"I don’t get it."

Taehyung breaks his gaze and stares at his lap where he’s wringing his fingers anxiously. Yoongi stupidly thinks about holding them in his own, but he’s too afraid to move.

"There’s nothing to get," Taehyung says a few seconds later, so softly that Yoongi has to strain to hear it.

"What are we talking about?" Yoongi’s voice shakes with uncertainty. "We were just considering a caveman surviving up until the present time, were we not?"

Taehyung has that awful expression on his face. Like he’s desperate not to say it.

"Every ten years or so, when people start to notice that I don’t age, I leave everything and everybody behind me and move on."

Taehyung doesn't meet his eyes, and something in Yoongi’s chest suddenly seizes. He feels a violent urge to surge forward and yank Taehyung’s head up by his hair and ask him just what in the fresh hell is that supposed to mean.

It's a bad joke, and a very low one, even for Taehyung. But before he can get a word in, Taehyung is speaking again.

"In what I call my first lifetime, I aged till about thirty two years. What you see here." He makes a gesture with his finger to point at his body. He’s still not looking at Yoongi, and it shouldn’t frighten him so much. "I led my group, and they called me magical. But gradually, the fear grew and they chased me away. They thought that I was stealing their lives to stay young."

"The prehistoric origin of the vampire myth," Yoongi croaks out in disbelief as he stares at Taehyung with wide incredulous eyes.

"The first thousand years, I didn’t know up from sideways," Taehyung continues, and Yoongi is baffled. Taehyung is serious; he can see that now, but Yoongi’s hands are starting to shake with how unhinged he feels.

"How do you know the first thousand years?" he cuts Taehyung off and clenches his fingers into fists, grabbing onto the first thing he can think of.

Taehyung finally looks up at him, but his face is impassive, unreadable in a way that Yoongi’s never seen before. And an old ache flares up in Yoongi’s chest again because there was a time when he had each one of his expressions and his emotions memorised, could tell them apart with his eyes closed and just a finger tracing the shape of his lips.

"An informed guess based on what I recall from my memory," Taehyung answers him, and this time Yoongi can’t help the incredulous snort that leaves him.

"Most people can scarcely remember their childhood." He lifts an eyebrow in challenge. "And you’re saying that you remember what happened to you fourteen thousand years ago?"

But Taehyung doesn’t seem affected by Yoongi’s scathing skepticism. He looks as though he’d expected it.

"Like yours, my memory is selective too," he counters. "I remember the high points, the low points, the traumas."

Yoongi doesn’t answer; he couldn’t respond even if he tried. And Taehyung takes his silence as permission to keep speaking which—Yoongi supposes it is.

"I kept getting chased away because I didn’t age, and eventually I got the hang of moving on periodically," Taehyung tells him, and Yoongi likes to think that he’s got a good grasp of studying Taehyung’s face to make out what he’s thinking, but right now Yoongi can’t tell if the flat press of his lips or the slight dip of his eyebrows is grim or guarded or something else entirely.

And it terrifies him. It terrifies him because Yoongi feels as if he can no longer tell if the man before him is the very one he’d been married to for five years.

"The first two millennia were cold, and I learned that it was warmer at lower elevations—the late glacial period, I presume. I remember seeing the British Isles from what is now the French coast," Taehyung continues, and he is no longer looking at Yoongi. He stares past Yoongi’s shoulder as he speaks, as if lost in the visions of his recollection.

"Huge mountains...on the other side of a deep valley that was shadowed by the setting sun. This is before they got separated from the continent by rising seas as the glaciers melted."

"The end of the pleistocene epoch—it fits."

"Yes—" Taehyung starts.

"—into any textbook," Yoongi snaps.

"And that’s where I found it!" Taehyung’s voice starts to rise now, eyes not moving from Yoongi’s face. "How could I have knowledgeable recall when I didn’t have knowledge? All I can do is integrate my memories with modern findings."

And Yoongi—he doesn’t know what to think. He stares at Taehyung, completely at a loss for words. Taehyung wouldn’t drag on an argument as absurd as this for so long; but what he’s saying offends common sense, and Yoongi wants to believe him, he really does, but he—he can’t.

"We—we are not talking about reincarnations, are we?" Yoongi asks him a little desperately, mind reeling with possibilities. "You’re not saying that you hold memories from previous lifetimes."

"No." Taehyung slumps his head against the wall in resignation. "One lifetime."

"What about oceans?"

"Didn’t see them until much later."

Yoongi furrows his eyebrows.

"How would you be able to tell an ocean from a lake?"

"Big waves—again I can only be cognizant of it in retrospect." Taehyung smiles at him. Even though he’s making some amount of sense, that doesn’t make it any less absurd.

And it’s hard to speak in the thick silence that follows. Yoongi can’t tell if it’s the result of the unease that’s crawled under all of his skin or the dry discomfort in his throat when he tries to swallow.

Taehyung’s smile wanes; he’s looking all over Yoongi’s face for something. But Yoongi feels too unhinged, too unbalanced. He’s just barely holding himself together as it is, and if there’s one thing he’s sure of, it’s that he’s going to lose his goddamn mind before he even begins to consider the implications of whatever it is that Taehyung is trying to convince him of.

Instead, he chooses to close his eyes and slant his head up against the wall quietly. He wants to curl up, but his bones are jammed stiff. Rigid in their refusal.

The quiet doesn’t last because just a moment later, Yoongi is abruptly struck by an inane memory.

"That Van Gogh," he blurts out loudly before his eyes fly open and he shoots back up again, "the one you said was a fake, but you were so stubborn about hanging it in the living room anyway."

Taehyung blinks at him for a moment, taken aback by his sudden outburst, but then he's breaking into a grin in no time.

"He gifted it to me," he says.

"Of course." Yoongi rolls his eyes now. A smile tugs at his own lips but he fights it down.

"I went by the name Vante at the time," Taehyung admits, and then adds a little bashfully, "I was uh—a pig farmer."

"A pig farmer?" Yoongi can’t hold his laugh this time, incredulous and impossibly endeared at the same time. He can even picture it: Taehyung in boots, overalls and a straw hat, giving little piglets fond rubs. The image is so remarkably vivid because that sounds just like him.

"Yeah. He would come to my place and paint. We talked a lot about capturing nature in art."

Taehyung is smiling; Yoongi notices that for the first time, it’s genuine. And the sight has a sharp stab of pain shooting up his chest, like nails peeling off a scab that never truly healed.

And Yoongi knows what a terrible idea it is, has known it ever since Hoseok introduced Taehyung as the newest addition to their research team three months ago, one year into the pandemic and eighteen months since Yoongi and Taehyung’s nasty separation.

It is a terrible idea. But trapped in an elevator till help gets to them before the virus reaches Taehyung's brain or Yoongi shoots him dead, there truly isn’t a lot to lose.

And it’s not that he believes Taehyung; that’s too much. But Yoongi can no longer deny that he’s missed this. Talking to Taehyung, arguing with him, laughing, and just talking after almost two years of radio silence.

Taehyung is probably right. They don’t have long anyway, and all of a sudden, Yoongi can’t bring himself to care at all.

"Did you ever do any?" he asks him abruptly after a minute of neither of them saying a word. "Art, I mean. Cave art?"

Taehyung’s surprise shows on his face, but he must realise Yoongi’s attempts at reconciliation because his face loses its tension. He smiles at him for a moment before he replies.

"No, not cave art, not at that time. But there was this guy—"

Taehyung frowns as he struggles to remember, eyes flicking between Yoongi’s face and something off to the side.

"I can’t recall his name, but he’d draw the animals we wished to eat. But one evening, after an unsuccessful hunt, our chief stomped his teeth out because his magic had failed us. After that someone else had to chew his food for him, and he got—I suspect—an infected jaw. We had to dispose of him shortly after that."

"That’s..." Yoongi grimaces.

Taehyung gives him a tight-lipped smile.

"You have to know what to kill," he says, and there is grim humor in his words.

But Yoongi doesn’t miss the weight of them, and his mouth dries instantly.

His eyes dart to Taehyung’s bloody arm where the mass of blue veins has creeped up his shoulder to his neck. The longer Yoongi stares at it, the more it seems as if a horrid parasite is feeding off Taehyung’s blood and slowly climbing up the column of his throat to reach the big prize: his brain.

The pistol tucked into Yoongi’s jeans suddenly starts to feel frighteningly heavy, but he forcibly tears himself away from the thought.

"Who else were you?" he asks once he blinks back into focus to meet Taehyung’s eyes.

"I lived as a merchant for a long time," Taehyung starts slowly, probably working out how to piece together thousands of years in a singular telling. "I’d grown curious about the world, and it was around the beginning of the Bronze Age. I followed trade routes from the East. Copper. Tin. I learnt languages and medicine as I went. Everywhere I travelled, there were all these new and different creation myths, so many gods, and after a while…well I figured it was all…"

He makes a vague dismissive gesture with his hand.

"I was Sumerian for 2,000 years, then Babylonian under Hammurabi. But moving on was easier as a hunter-gatherer. It became difficult when villages emerged, and tougher still when authority was centralised."

"Do you remember where you came from?" Yoongi asks him, crossing his legs when one of them starts to prickle with pins and needles. "Geography hasn’t changed all that much."

Instead of answering him, Taehyung throws out a question of his own.

"Where did you live when you were four years old?"

Yoongi frowns.

"With my parents at their farm just outside of Daegu," he says because Taehyung knows that already.

"Your mother—she took you to the market? What direction was it from your house?"

"I don’t know."

"Are there any references that stuck with you?"

Yoongi struggles to recall them, thinking back to his hand in his mother’s as they walked along the streets, and the shop owners who stopped them to coo and pinch his cheeks.

"There was a gas station and...an old schoolhouse?" He cocks his head to the side, not sure if that is a reliable memory.

"And if you went back there, would it still be the same?" Taehyng asks him.

Yoongi presses his lips together.

He had gone back there, frightened out of his mind when the pandemic broke out.

"No, it’s all built up now," he answers.

"Hence the saying—you can’t go back home again." Taehyung tips his head back against the wall as he watches him. His breathing is more haggard now, chest shuddering with every breath of air he fights for. "Because it’s not there anymore. Now imagine it on my scale: I migrated across an endless vast earth full of endless new things—forests, deserts, mountains, tundra, canyons. It was just my solitary viewpoint of a world I knew nothing about. Even if I were to try and recall it, everything is built up beyond recognition now."

Yoongi props up a knee to lean his weight on it.

"Fascinating," he says as he watches Taehyung. "An answer for every question."

Taehyung matches his stare, and for a long moment they simply watch each other in silence, neither of them looking away.

But then Yoongi closes his eyes and laughs. There’s no humor in it, and when he pulls them open, he stares straight at Taehyung. His smile fades.

"Except one. Taehyung, why are you doing this?"

The air goes still as soon as he says it.

"Yoongi..." Taehyung starts lowly, and it doesn’t sound like an answer. If anything, it sounds like a warning.

And Yoongi knows it—he fucking knows it. Everything about the entire conversation has felt awfully concluding, and Yoongi fucking knows it.

They don’t have long left, and from the corner of his eye, he can see the way the woman’s mouth hangs open, the way her eyes stretch wide in horror. The entire floor is coated with a thick layer of her blood, and the stench of it has settled in Yoongi’s lungs permanently. It’s all he’s been breathing in.

For the first time, Yoongi feels so unbearably helpless.

"I..." Taehyung finally sighs, and he still has that pinched look on his face, pained and reluctant to speak. "I thought—maybe this wasn’t a good idea, but I wanted—"

Taehyung closes his eyes, and his face twists like he’s going to be sick.

"What?" Yoongi spits impatiently. There’s a panic clogging his throat, and his hands tremble in his lap.

When Taehyung opens his eyes, he’s carefully schooled his face into that awful impassiveness. He stares right at Yoongi, pinning him to his spot.

"I wanted to say goodbye," he says. "As myself for once."

His voice is soft, but Yoongi feels the weight of his words like he'd yelled them in his face.

Taehyung falls silent like he’s waiting for Yoongi to spit something scathing back at him, but Yoongi’s throat is closing in painfully tight painfully quickly.

"N-no," he stammers out.

"Yoongi—" Taehyung starts.

"No," Yoongi nearly screams, and Taehyung goes quiet.

Yoongi wants to glare at him but he doesn’t. He closes his eyes and presses on them hard enough till his head hurts, and then some more.

"I—you have to know how you sound," he stutters out, swallowing down the growing hysteria in his throat. The whole thing just feels like a horrible disorienting nightmare that never seems to end.

"You can’t seriously ask me to believe you. You can’t tell me to erase everything I’ve known and believe you when you say that you're some fourteen millennia old caveman—what the fuck."

Yoongi’s voice is shrill. He hides his face in his palms and slouches forward on his knees.

"I don’t understand," he whispers weakly. He wants to rub his face again, but he’s done it too many times and it hurts. It hurts everywhere.

"Yoongi, look," Taehyung starts slowly, his voice cutting through Yoongi’s panic. Yoongi peels his hands away from his face only to be met with Taehyung’s unreadable face. "There’s absolutely no way in this whole world for me to prove it to you. Just like there’s no way for you to disprove it."

Taehyung’s gaze is intense and hard to return. And Yoongi grits his teeth at the unfairness of it all.

"Being unable to disprove a claim only makes it theoretically possible, not true," he hisses through his teeth. "I shouldn't have to disprove every absurd fictional entity out there to justify my disbelief in their existence."

"Look. You have two simple choices. You can either get all bent out of shape trying to argue and bench-press logic."

Taehyung pauses for emphasis.

"Or, we can just talk."

Yoongi sets his jaw tight. He knows what he wants, obviously, but there is a helpless heat collecting behind his eyelids. His hand flits towards his eyes but he aborts the movement halfway, settling for blinking back the tears instead.

"Fine," he says thickly, and Taehyung parts his lips to speak but Yoongi cuts him off. "We can talk, and I can listen critically. But you can’t ask me to believe you. Not now, not when you had eight years to do whatever the fuck it is that you’re doing now."

He wants to sound sharper, more vicious, but he can’t put any volume into his voice. He’s so damn exhausted, and it’s taking all of his control to not fall forward and cry.

"That’s fair," Taehyung says, equally as soft.

Nothing about this is fair, Yoongi wants to yell at him, but he bites back the snappish reply, rubbing at his eyes instead as he thinks of another way to pick apart Taehyung’s ridiculous claim.

"So, you’re a...caveman," he starts slowly, tipping his head back to stare at the ceiling when it becomes clear that the tears have no intention of going. "And in this enormous lifetime, you’ve never been ill?"

"I have. Just about as much as anyone."

Yoongi jerks his head down to look at Taehyung in surprise.

"Of what?"

"In prehistory, I couldn’t tell you. But in the last few hundred years, I’ve gotten over typhoid, yellow fever, smallpox. I’ve survived the black plague."

Yoongi’s eyes dart down to Taehyung’s bare chest before flitting back to his face.

"Bubonic?" he asks disbelievingly. "And you’re not scarred?"

Taehyung bites his lip like he does each time he’s scared of saying something. He doesn’t meet his eyes, only presses his lips into a fine line, and Yoongi grits his teeth.

"What is it?" he snaps as he watches Taehyung swallow hard.

"I don’t scar," Taehyung admits finally, and his eyes flicker up tentatively as if to gauge Yoongi’s reaction.

And he must see the look on his face because he cuts in before Yoongi can begin.

"Please, I know you don’t believe me," Taehyung says quickly, a frantic edge slipping into his voice. "I shouldn’t have expected you to either. But the least you can do is take it at face value and explore it from there? If I don’t scar, is it really any stranger than the rest of it?"

Yoongi’s hands tremble where they’re fisted tightly into the fabric of his jeans, and he has to swallow back that violent urge to scream, to cry, to grab Taehyung by the shoulders and shake him, ask him what kind of a sick joke he’s playing. If his plan is to drive Yoongi completely insane in this little time they have, then it’s working.

"You don’t scar, you don’t age, and yet—" He hacks out a strangled sound, something between a laugh and a sob, and drags his eyes to the blue veins once again.

They’ve reached his ear.

"Are you scared of dying, Taehyung?" Yoongi asks him.

Taehyung’s face falters, turns into a grimace.

"Who isn’t?" he asks.

"And how did the primitive man regard death?"

"We had a practical concept. We fell down, didn’t get up, started to smell bad and came apart. We understood injuries, but infections—those were mysterious. And aging, the biggest mystery of all."

"You realized that you were different."

Taehyung nods quietly.

"Not immediately," he adds. "It was difficult to synthesize my experience into a view of myself. At first, I thought everyone else had something wrong with them. They were the ones who grew old and died. Animals too."

"But not you."

It’s not a question.

"But not me," Taehyung agrees.

He isn’t smiling, but some resentful part of Yoongi wishes that he would. Maybe then Yoongi could justify the awful pressure in his chest. Like something is squeezing his lungs and wringing them tight.

Taehyung is silent for a long time, and Yoongi thinks about the first time they met—which by some awful irony happened in an elevator too. Yoongi had spilled his coffee on Taehyung’s expensive shirt in his rush to get to his classroom, but Taehyung had chuckled and waved off his frantic apologies, asking Yoongi if he would let him take him out to dinner as payment instead.

And so they’d gotten dinner together, and ever since—Yoongi couldn’t get enough of Taehyung’s smiles, his giggles and his loud unabashed laughter. Couldn’t get enough of tasting them against his lips and feeling them against the back of his neck in the mornings. He’d wanted to touch Taehyung. To yank him down by his stupid tie and kiss him. To take him home and fall in bed with him, but he'd gone and fallen in love with him instead—the kind you don’t really ever return from. And he really shouldn’t be thinking about this, Yoongi knows that.

The uneasy peace that has settled between them feels too delicate to break. But Yoongi can feel the words on the tip of his tongue, just waiting to spill out.

He shouldn’t; his gut twists tight at the thought, and he sits in silence as he stares at the wall above Taehyung’s head.

Everything feels so still. Just the two of them trapped inside these four walls while the world around them crumbles apart.

It would sound poetic if Yoongi didn’t feel so crushingly helpless.

And maybe it’s that, or maybe it is the stench of death that hangs low and thick in the air. Maybe it’s the lifeless woman in the corner of his vision, or the frightening weight on his hip. Or maybe it’s something that has been building for a long time now, longer than Yoongi wants to admit. But he knows that if he doesn’t do this now, it will drive him insane. Assuming that it hasn’t already done that.

"As you grow older, the days and weeks and months pass quicker," he starts before he can stop himself, and his heart races in his chest. His whole body is drawn tight as he tries to keep himself in control.

Taehyung’s gaze shifts to him, but Yoongi doesn’t meet his eyes. There’s a dreadful awareness growing under his skin, and it makes his hands shake violently.

He clenches them tight in his lap, thankful that Taehyung can’t see them because Yoongi knows that this is it—this is the point of no return.

"What does a day or a year mean to you? Or what would...what would five years mean to you?" His voice catches towards the end, and for a moment, everything goes horribly still.

I love you, Taehyung had said to him, laughed it in his ear actually. They were both drunk on wine and stumbling down the night street lit up by christmas lights. I love you, more than I know what to do with.

Yoongi’s throat aches.

"Yoongi—" Taehyung starts, his voice dipped low in warning.

"What would a marriage of five years mean to someone like you?" Yoongi cuts him off before he can continue.

Something still stings when he says it, but Yoongi can’t tell who the words hurt more.

He hears Taehyung swallow and thinks that he’s going to speak.

But there’s nothing.

There’s fucking nothing.

Yoongi laughs even though he feels like screaming. "Nothing, huh?"

And he hates the way his voice grows thick with tears. He feels so fucking stupid.

Taehyung doesn’t respond. When Yoongi finally looks at him, he has that awful pinched look on his face, like he’s both desperate and terrified to tell.

And a blinding anger comes rushing to him all at once. Yoongi clenches his teeth hard enough that he thinks he’ll crush them.

"Did I mean anything to you at all?" he spits out, blind and suddenly too angry to stop his voice from shaking.

He sees Taehyung flinch and part his lips, but Yoongi cuts him off just as quickly. "Actually, no, don’t answer that. You said that you realised you were different from the rest of humanity. Do you see yourself as someone superior to the rest of us?"

"I didn’t mean it like that—" Taehyung stresses, and he truly looks anguished.

But it’s not that Yoongi doesn’t believe him.

The fact of the matter is: Yoongi doesn’t even know who Taehyung is anymore.

"Would you have come to my funeral, Taehyung?" Yoongi asks him and it’s hard not to enjoy the way Taehyung recoils.

Yoongi, in some twisted way, wants to see him cry.

"Would you have felt some kind of guilt? Or do you just not feel shit anymore?" he ploughs on despite the way Taehyung’s face seems to be crumbling with anguish. The rational part of him is gone, and Yoongi is too angry to care. "We would die, and you would live. But would such a thing be fair? I’m only exploring what you said like you asked me to. Whether I believe it or not is of no importance."

"I—I don’t know about fair," Taehyung stutters out, "but I didn’t wish to upset you. This was obviously a bad idea. But, Yoongi, I care for you a lot. I really do, and I—"

Yoongi ignores him.

"Since you may not die, while we most assuredly will, there must be a reason for that, no?" Yoongi can hardly recognize his hollow voice, or the hand that trails down to his waist as he speaks.

And maybe Taehyung doesn’t either because he falls silent as well.

"Perhaps..." Yoongi’s fingers curl around the cool metal, and he drags his eyes up to Taehyung’s face.

"What do you think, Taehyung?" he asks in the few frightful seconds before he raises his arm and reveals the prize in his hand.

Taehyung stops moving all at once, frozen stiff in the face of the pistol.

"A shot to the leg?" Yoongi cocks his head to the side, a cruel twist to his lip as he taunts, "maybe we could watch it heal."

The elevator is grave and silent, and Taehyung is so, so still.

"Or..." Yoongi lifts his arm, shifting his aim higher.

"A bullet in the head?" he asks, anger thinned to a threatening sweetness. "What exactly will happen?"

The tension that has been weighing over them this entire time grows thicker, and Yoongi feels it stick to his throat each time he breathes in.

Taehyung slowly lifts his head to look at him, and Yoongi grits his teeth. He waits for Taehyung to argue, to try and convince Yoongi otherwise. But Taehyung doesn’t do that.

They both know that he won’t.

That he can’t.

For a long time, there’s nothing. Everything is deadly silent.

"Okay," Taehyung whispers finally, no fight at all.

And shrunken in against the wall with his eyes pressed shut, it feels as if he has been bracing for this moment from the very beginning.

Have you ever thought about dying? Yoongi had asked him once.

They’d been stargazing, a rare retreat from university lectures and grading papers, and Taehyung had laughed in response to his question, a surprised smile on his lips when he glanced at Yoongi from the corner of his eye.

More than you can ever imagine, he’d said, and there was an odd weight to his voice that Yoongi couldn’t place at the time.

Are you afraid of it? Yoongi had asked him, interlacing their fingers together to find some semblance of familiarity because there were often times like this—moments when Taehyung would seem so foreign and distant that Yoongi felt as if they were talking about two entirely separate matters.

All things must come to an end. Taehyung had smiled, but it was forced, his lips stretched so tight they strained the corners of his mouth. I may fear it, but I do not fight it.

Taehyung had twisted around to face him then. And in that one moment, Yoongi could sense that there was something strange about him. Hidden between the lines of his face and the taut, tight pull of his lips. Something ancient and so, so eerie.

Nothing lasts forever. Taehyung had leaned forward to seal Yoongi’s lips shut before he could ask the meaning behind his morbid words. Like nothing should.

And Yoongi feels so uncontrollably violent. He tightens his grip on the pistol, but his arm won’t stop shaking.

He feels so fucking angry, but the anger isn’t from being lied to. It’s not from the relentless arguments in the middle of the night, or the morning Yoongi found the apartment empty save for the ring on the nightstand. Not from the two years of agonizing silence, or the sweltering desire to scream each time Taehyung entered his line of vision in the past three months.

There are memories washing back to him, memories he’d sealed and buried deep under layers and layers of fury. And Yoongi feels angry—angry at himself for never doubting, for not caring enough when Taehyung brushed off a question about his parents with a stiff they died a long time back, or when he never had any childhood photographs to show. What he believed was him being sensitive, Yoongi now feels like a fool.

His fingers have grown numb from how hard he’s holding the pistol, and just reaching for the trigger makes him nauseous. Memories that hadn’t felt important at the time, he feels them rising to the surface now, fusing together to form a deeply unsettling picture that he doesn’t want to think about.

And Yoongi feels like he’s finally gone mad. The ugly feeling growing roots between his ribs doesn’t die, and Taehyung’s face doesn’t change.

Bathed in blood and with blue veins creeping under his torso and climbing up his throat, Taehyung looks like horror in human skin. His hair is dark and his skin so pale. He is taller than Yoongi, but curled into himself like this he looks smaller than Yoongi’s ever known.

And something inside Yoongi is shaking, something that makes his ribs rattle against his chest each time he breathes.

He feels so hopelessly alone, and he knows that some things are better left unsaid, that perhaps he should let this die an unspoken death too. Maybe that would hurt less.

Actually no, he decides and swallows hard. He needs to know.

And there won’t be another chance to ask.

"Did you ever love me?" he asks, throat tightening painfully around the five words. He sees Taehyung open his eyes but doesn’t meet them.

He stares at the floor as his vision blurs.

"Please be honest, you don’t—you don't have to care about sparing my feelings. I just—"

His voice cracks and he gasps as he tries to speak around the painful lump in his throat. "I just really thought you did—and I know that there’s no use in talking about it now, but I—fuck."

Yoongi shudders out a sob, gnashing his teeth till his eyes stop stinging even though the stone in his throat stays. He’d known it two years ago when he ultimately slipped the ring off his finger. He knew that he was going to be alone for the rest of his life, but this just feels needlessly cruel.

Taehyung doesn’t respond for a long time, and the silence that follows is humiliating.

"Say something," Yoongi hisses, trying and failing to keep his voice from shaking. His chest hurts as it heaves for air, and Yoongi’s body sags forward helplessly, the pistol in his hand falling on the floor and making a loud metallic sound. And still Taehyung doesn’t speak.

Yoongi curls into himself and wraps his arms around his knees as his body shakes with uncontrollable sobs.

"Why didn’t you ever say something?" he gasps out, quivering for breath. "I’d have believed you. I—" Yoongi can’t speak past the betrayal tightening its fingers around his throat, so completely that breathing is impossible and Yoongi’s left choking and trembling in its hold.

What he wants to say is, I didn’t want you to feel like you had to be somebody else for me.

What he really wants to say is, I thought you trusted me.

(I thought you loved me.)

He can’t help but notice how it’s the silence that speaks the loudest, how it speaks the truth that Yoongi hadn’t wanted to let himself think about. And he bites down hard on his tongue and it hurts, hurts, hurts, but it doesn’t help. Yoongi feels trapped in his own head. Can’t stop crying for reasons he can’t speak. All he can hear is Taehyung’s whisper against his skin, an endless vengeful loop of marry me?

"Yoongi–" Taehyung says thickly, voice trapped low in his chest. For as small as the elevator is, he sounds impossibly far away. "Come here please."

The cold is leaching into Yoongi’s skin, seeping inside from his wet boots and the bare expanse of his curved back. And Yoongi no longer knows if he’s shaking from the tears or the cold. He feels so numb, and lifting his head feels a little like giving up.

There are words crawling up to his mouth for Yoongi to spit at Taehyung with all the intent to hurt, but they die in his throat the moment he catches sight of him.

All at once, everything feels too real. Against the dim glow of the emergency lights, Taehyung is engulfed in blue veins that spread all across his chest and gather up to his throat till they curl around the curve of his ear. And Yoongi nearly cries again at the sight of it, couldn’t stop the strangled noise that tears out of him even if he tried.

Taehyung sits with his head against the wall as he watches the ceiling for no actual purpose other than to keep his tears from spilling down.

And for the longest time, Yoongi watches the hunch of his shoulders, the erratic heaves of his chest, and the way Taehyung shivers and braces himself and shivers again and it doesn’t stop. They’re both crying, and for once, it feels almost cathartic.

Yoongi slowly pushes himself off the floor. Everything in his body feels jittery and unsteady, and he stumbles a little as he walks to the wall across him, blood splashing under his boots before he twists around and drops down next to Taehyung’s uninjured side.

Taehyung doesn’t say anything, but his arm comes to curl around Yoongi’s waist and pulls him closer.

Yoongi stiffens at the unexpected action. But then he rearranges himself so Taehyung isn’t straining to reach him, and Taehyung pulls him closer till he's pressed flush to his side.

And this close, Yoongi can feel the rapid movement of Taehyung’s chest. He looks up at him and sees the mole on the slope of Taehyung's nose, the one on his lower lip, sees how blue his lips are and how they quiver delicately.

Yoongi’s heart clenches with familiar pain.

For a while, he just wants to forget. Forget that they are on death row, that the world is ending and that Taehyung doesn’t love him. Just for some time, he wants to stop counting down the seconds, wants to close his eyes and just be.

Before he can think to stop himself, Yoongi is burying his face in Taehyung’s neck and wrapping careful arms around his waist. It is hardly a hug with Yoongi twisted and half on his knees, his chin pressed into Taehyung’s shoulders and his eyes squeezed shut, but Yoongi feels the tension slowly leave the air. Even though it still aches somewhere in his chest, he feels like he can breathe easier now.

And Yoongi doesn’t know how long they stay like that. He tries not to focus on how Taehyung’s shaking worsens; instead he presses his mouth to Taehyung’s skin and allows himself to breathe, just for a bit.

Taehyung smells of blood and the permanent stench of rot that has settled heavily in the air. It should feel unpleasant, but Yoongi doesn’t move because his skin is warm and only corpses grow cold, and Taehyung is still warm, and Yoongi’s heart grows so heavy, his ribs ache to hold it up.

There are so many things that he wants to say to him, so many things that he needs Taehyung to know. He can’t bear the thought of dying with them still crammed inside his chest, but he also knows how it’ll end and he’s not sure his heart can withstand hearing it again.

In the end, it’s Taehyung who beats him to it.

"At first, I thought that there was something wrong with me," he starts shakily. "M-maybe I was a bad guy for not dying."

Yoongi pulls away a little to look at him. The air is quiet and heavy, and when Taehyung meets his eyes, Yoongi sees the tears finally fall.

"After that, I began to wonder if I was cursed. Then I thought that perhaps I had a mission."

"Do you still think you do?" Yoongi whispers.

Taehyung is quiet for a long time, and when he speaks, his voice is both thick and quiet.

"I think—I think I just happened."

Which, Yoongi supposes, is as good an answer as any.

"Is this also why your knowledge of history is so fucking insane?" he asks him suddenly, a silly thing that strikes him out of nowhere.

It was a constant cause of banter between them because Taehyung would often interrupt Yoongi’s passionate rants with inane corrections that were of no actual historical significance to the subject matter but brought Taehyung immense amusement because Yoongi would start to argue about who was correct (which was, infuriatingly, almost always Taehyung) but Taehyung would simply interrupt him again with a kiss.

"No," Taehyung laughs at the unexpected accusation and how much venom it’s spoken with, a quiet throaty thing that makes Yoongi smile as well. "That’s mostly based on study."

"With your mind—you must’ve studied a great deal."

"I have ten degrees. Including yours."

"Thanks," Yoongi drawls and pulls away from Taehyung completely to shoot him an unamused look. "That makes me feel a whole lot better."

Taehyung laughs again, and it shoots a pang of loss in Yoongi’s chest.

"I got my anthropology degree at Columbia in 1890, so I'm a little behind the times. The same with the other fields. I can't keep up with the new stuff that comes along. No one can, not even in their own specialty."

Yoongi hums in thought as he leans back against the wall.

"I see. No matter how long a person lives, they can't be ahead of their times. They can't know more than what the best of the race knows. When the world learned it was round, you learned it."

Taehyung nods.

"It took some time. News traveled slowly before communications were fancy. There were social obstacles. Preconceptions. Screams from the churches."

"But ten doctorates." Yoongi twists around to look at Taehyung. "That's really impressive, Tae."

"It was over the span of 170 years," Taehyung says, smiling ruefully. "If you had that kind of time, you’d have done the same if not more, I’m sure of it. Living 14,000 years didn't make me a genius. I just had time."

Time. It is the one thing they don’t have anymore.

And suspended in the air, seconds quickly ticking down to their doom, Yoongi can’t help but think that it is all useless. All this waiting, it’s useless.

That no one has come to their rescue because everybody else is dead. That they could hold out for as long as possible, but help still wouldn’t come.

That Yoongi and Taehyung are the only people left alive in the world, and even if Yoongi killed Taehyung with the one remaining bullet in the pistol, he’d still be trapped in the elevator till he either starved, died of suffocation, or stabbed himself to death with his knife. Whichever came first.

Either way, they are going to die. They are going to die, and for some reason Yoongi can only care about the mass of unspoken feelings crammed in his chest.

"Time," he whispers past the lump in his throat as he tilts his head to rest it on Taehyung’s shoulder. "We can't see it. Can't hear it. Can't measure it in a laboratory. It’s simply a subjective sense of becoming what we are from what we were a second ago."

"The Hopis see time as a landscape existing before and behind us, and that we move through it slice by slice," Taehyung says softly, his voice low and warm, and Yoongi can feel him looking at him.

He turns his head to meet Taehyung’s gaze and feels the air suddenly grow heavier.

Taehyung’s eyes are dark, and Yoongi's breath gets caught in his throat.

He can’t form words, can't make a single sound when Taehyung draws back his arm from where it was wrapped around Yoongi’s waist, fingers skimming across Yoongi’s back and sending a shiver up his spine.

Taehyung reaches down between them where Yoongi’s hand rests in his lap, and Yoongi lets him uncurl his fist, mouth parting in a shaky exhale when Taehyung’s fingers start to trace the shape of his fingers and knuckles slowly.

Yoongi squeezes his eyes shut. His chest feels so tight, a phantom pain seizing him all of a sudden and squeezing his lungs hard, and Yoongi falls forward, just a little, till he feels the warmth of Taehyung’s exhales hit his face.

It’s too much, and Yoongi presses down on his eyes till it hurts.

They’re going to die. Yoongi can feel the tremors in Taehyung’s breathing against his chest.

They’re going to die.

And it’s pathetic that Yoongi still can’t muster up the courage to tell Taehyung.

I love you, he thinks and parts his lips to speak it, but the words hit the back of his throat and refuse to go any further. I love you, he wants to cry, I love you I love you I love you.

Yoongi bites back the tears in his eyes and tries to keep his ribcage from bursting out of his skin, too small to contain the growing heap of unspoken things threatening to crawl up to his throat and choke him.

Too caught up in the storm of his feelings, he misses when Taehyung interlaces their fingers together and leans forward.

When Taehyung presses his lips against his forehead, Yoongi’s eyes fly open.

"Thank you," Taehyung says, so softly that Yoongi can’t tell if he was meant to hear it. He feels Taehyung mouth the words against his skin, but Yoongi is frozen stiff, too scared to look up.

Something about the whole gesture, very suddenly, feels like some fucked up extended farewell. And Yoongi tries not to choke. His ribs ache each time he breathes in slowly in an attempt to quell the mounting panic.

This is it. This is the end. They’re going to have to make a decision very soon, one that is going to cost at least one of their lives. Most probably both.

They’re going to die.

I love you

Fuck, he wishes they had more time.

And it isn't the first time that Yoongi finds his thoughts returning to the start. The start of their end.

He remembers how Taehyung grew less and less talkative during the last few weeks; and where Yoongi always thought that he was like a star bursting forth with his brightness, in the last few days, it felt as if Taehyung was rapidly shrinking into himself like a black hole.

He barely responded to Yoongi's questions, and the few conversations they had always quickly escalated into arguments. Yoongi could tell that Taehyung had something on his mind, but each time he tried to approach him about it, Taehyung would lash out like a cornered animal.

Yoongi wasn't able to pay a lot of attention to Taehyung either, buried up to his neck in the workload the dean had dumped on him with the dangling bait of tenure. That excuse feels so irrelevant now, but Yoongi hadn't thought that his rough patch with Taehyung was as serious. He'd assumed that his husband would come around and share whatever it was that was bothering him and the whole thing would simply blow over.

Divorce was the last thing on his mind; in fact, it wasn't there at all. The thought never even crossed his mind until Taehyung ambushed him on the one evening Yoongi had managed to get off work on time. He'd placed the papers before him and told him that he believed it was the best course of action for them.

And just like that, in the course of the nine weeks that followed, Yoongi had watched his entire life fall apart before his eyes.

Taehyung had disappeared soon after the legal proceedings ended. There was no trace left of him. He'd quit his job at the university, and all of his social media was gone. The one drunken attempt at dialling his number had informed Yoongi that Taehyung had changed his phone number as well.

He was gone.

Up until Hoseok introduced him to the team three months ago and Taehyung entered their laboratory, his eyes finding Yoongi's almost instantly, and Yoongi thought that he'd finally lost his goddamn mind. That the ghost of Taehyung was going to haunt him outside of his nightmares too.

The feeling returns to him once again as Taehyung’s lips graze down to where Yoongi's eyelashes fan out against his cheek, pressing a kiss there like he’s trying to memorize the curl of each lash. The gesture has Yoongi digging his nails into the flesh of Taehyung’s palm in an attempt to hold down the sob building at the back of his throat.

They stay like that, breathing in each other’s air. There is something grave and final in the silence that has Yoongi breathing through his nose, terrified that if he dares to part his mouth, he’ll cry and won’t be able to stop.

Neither of them attempt to break the silence. Yoongi knows that there’s no use. There’s no time left. They won’t make it.

Taehyung’s shaking grows worse, and Yoongi doesn’t dare look up to see how far up the veins have climbed. Everything is eerily still, an uneasy calm that doesn’t seem to fade. Yoongi waits for something—anything—to announce the end of the world, but nothing comes. The night continues so silently, it nearly drives him insane.

In the end, Yoongi doesn’t know how long they remain like that: Taehyung trembling in Yoongi’s arms as they both wait, ready for the ground to open its jaw wide and swallow them whole. It feels like an eternity yet nothing at all.

And Yoongi had pictured the end to come in all kinds of ways, from him sinking a bullet in Taehyung’s skull to Taehyung sinking his teeth in Yoongi's throat to the elevator hurtling them straight down to hell.

He didn’t expect Namjoon’s voice to be it though.

"Yoongi-hyung?" The speaker flickers to life, Namjoon’s panicked voice filtering through it. And Yoongi is up on his feet before Namjoon can finish.

"Taehyung-ah? Thank god. We’ve been looking for you two," Namjoon says again, and Yoongi scrambles towards the other end of the elevator, almost tripping over the corpse in his haste to reach the control panel and press the button for his voice to go through the call.

"Joon-ah," he breathes into the microphone. "You need to power on the elevator. Right now."

"Hyung, are you both al—" Namjoon starts, but Yoongi cuts him off right away.

"Namjoon, now," he hisses urgently.

Behind him, there’s the quiet reminder of Taehyung’s strained breathing, and for the first time, Yoongi feels a fragile hope bloom in his chest. They have a way out. They might make it.

"Actually—"

There’s a shuffling sound, voices in the background, and Namjoon’s voice cuts off abruptly.

"What—" Yoongi starts frantically because that didn’t sound like a yes, but he’s interrupted by a new voice.

"Yoongi."

It is Seokjin.

And Yoongi is about to snap at him to stop wasting time, but Seokjin is speaking again.

"Yoongi, what’s wrong with Taehyung?"

Yoongi freezes.

They must be watching the camera footage, he realises, and his forehead is still warm from where Taehyung had kissed it, but everything else is growing cold because Yoongi knows what is about to happen. And he can’t.

He can’t bring himself to answer, can’t bring himself to breathe, an ice-cold fear creeping under all of his skin and chilling him to the bone, freezing him stiff.

Everything is still.

Yoongi can't speak.

"I was infected."

It’s Taehyung who answers quietly behind him.

And the silence that follows is suffocating. A sufficient answer in itself.

This must be what it feels like to get stabbed, Yoongi thinks, and he gnashes his teeth together, crowding against the elevator once again.

"Seokjin, we have the serum," he hisses urgently. "We can't waste time. You—"

"Yoongi," Seokjin starts to say, something between pity and regret.

"No," Yoongi interrupts him before he can continue. His knees are trembling, and if he wasn’t holding the wall as hard as he was, he’d have collapsed already. "There’s still time. We can—"

Seokjin’s voice cuts in again, this time sharper.

"We have no way of knowing the serum will work."

"So you won’t even fucking try?" Yoongi screams this time, voice splitting and echoing in the elevator. Everything is suddenly too quiet. Taehyung is painfully silent, and Yoongi feels his body shake violently, panic throttling him of all rational thought. "You’re going to abandon him just like that? And live the rest of your life knowing that you could’ve saved him but you didn’t?"

"I’m not going to risk the entire operation for one person, Yoongi. Taehyung is my friend too, or do you think I’m doing this for my enjoyment?"

"You won’t even fucking try!" Yoongi yells back, voice thick with tears. "You’re killing him! Not the virus! Not the zombies! But you!"

Seokjin is quiet, and Yoongi’s chest heaves.

But this time it’s Taehyung’s voice that cuts in between them.

"Hyung," he says and rasps in a breath so rough it hurts to hear. Yoongi turns around and freezes when he catches sight of him.

Taehyung must’ve been trying to crawl closer but he’s fallen forward on his elbows. He’s trying to lift himself off the floor but his arms are shaking, and Yoongi is about to scream at him not to move, but Taehyung’s next words stop him dead.

"Please get Yoongi out of here," Taehyung says, sagged almost completely to the floor and struggling to push himself off it, but he can barely lift his head. His teeth are chattering, and Yoongi’s heart freezes stiff when Taehyung does manage to look up.

There are veins. All the way up to his lips. Like they’re trying to creep inside his mouth and suffocate him.

"I’ll stay inside," Taehyung says, and his lips are split and dry. They bleed when he moves them. "You can—you can lower me back down again. But please get him out of here."

"No," Yoongi whispers, eyes wide with horror. He wants to scream, but all that leaves his mouth is a loud ugly sob. "No—I won’t let you."

Taehyung clenches his jaw tight. His face is so pale. Dark blue veins crawl under his skin like roots, and Yoongi watches him force himself up, leaning on his good arm to take his weight.

"At least one of us needs to make it out alive," Taehyung says, not meeting Yoongi’s eyes. There’s blood gathering inside his mouth and between his teeth. "And both of us know that it’s not going to be me."

"Taehyung—"

"You’ll die!" Taehyung screams, his head jerking up with force. It’s the first time Yoongi is seeing Taehyung look so broken. His whole body is shaking, chest caving in with each harsh breath. "Don’t you understand? If any of us deserves to live, it’s you!"

"That’s not for you to decide," Yoongi spits back at him.

"You two aren’t the only ones trying to reach the top," Seokjin’s voice interrupts them, pausing long enough for his words to sink in.

"The other lifts are crammed with the infected," he says. Then, slowly, like he knows the weight of his next words. "We can’t bring the power back on."

Yoongi’s heart stops. And for a moment, he is frozen on his spot, motionless.

Seokjin keeps speaking; and there are more voices now, indistinct but insistent enough that Yoongi can tell that they're arguing. He can’t make out what they’re saying over the roaring pulse in his ears. Stomach twisting with a sudden wave of nausea, Yoongi grabs the edge of the wall when he feels his knees shake and threaten to sink him to the floor.

But before he can fall, Namjoon’s voice comes through the speaker once again.

"Actually, each elevator is hooked to an emergency power supply that runs on battery," he reveals slowly, like he’s not sure whether he should disclose the information. "But it’s not a lot. Probably just enough to get you to the nineteenth if we're lucky. You understand what that means, right? Taehyung?"

There’s too much going on for Yoongi to think. His vision swims, but Yoongi grits his teeth, willing himself to stay steady. He can’t pass out. He’s so scared.

"I understand," Taehyung rasps.

"We’ll operate the elevator on its battery for Yoongi to reach the nineteenth floor safely," Namjoon tells them.

There’s a pause, and it’s the only warning Yoongi gets.

"But once we’ve retrieved him, Taehyung, we’ll have to eliminate you on sight."

Yoongi stops breathing.

"Yes. That is fine," Taehyung agrees.

"What," Yoongi screams, choked with disbelief. He slams his fist against the control panel, chest heaving with panicked breaths. "What the fuck. Namjoon, you can’t do that! You can’t fucking do that!"

"We are in no way prepared to contain another outbreak," Seokjin snaps this time. "You can’t see what we can. You don’t understand the situation—"

"No! You don't understand the situation!" Yoongi shouts. He feels wild.

It’s a gamble, just like everything else, but it’s all he has.

"Listen to me," Yoongi starts slowly, squeezing his eyes shut as he tries to force his voice steady. "Taehyung is—he’s the key to finding the cure, I’m sure of it. You have to save him. It may be a risk, but without him, the entire operation is doomed."

"What do you mean?" Seokjin’s tone is cautious.

"You have to believe me," Yoongi begs, and he can’t hold his tears anymore. He lets his head fall and collide against the control panel in resignation, voice growing thicker the longer he speaks. "Please, I’m not lying. He’s—he’s not—you can’t kill him."

"Yoongi—" Seokjin starts, but it is clear that he doesn’t believe him.

"Hyung, please save him," Yoongi gasps, throat closing in as he bangs his fist against the wall and cries. "He’s going to die, please. I—I’m begging you, please save him."

Seokjin is silent, and Yoongi’s body shakes with the force of his sobs.

"Please, please, please, please," he whispers, pressing down on his eyes hard enough to crush them. The thought of losing Taehyung is so unbearable, his chest clenches tight and he can’t breathe. Everything hurts, everything hurts so much, and Yoongi feels so fucking powerless to stop it.

Everything is silent for a moment.

Finally, Seokjin makes a sound as if to say something, but whatever he was about to say is silenced by a loud thud.

Yoongi jerks his head up to look at the ceiling where the sound came from.

And there’s another thud, so sudden and strong that Yoongi startles.

"Yoongi?" Seokjin sounds concerned, but Yoongi slowly steps away from the control panel, dread climbing up his spine and stiffening it.

The noise repeats again and again, somehow louder each time, and it’s as if something heavy is colliding against metal repeatedly.

The doors, Yoongi realises with growing horror.

The doors to the elevator on the floor above them. Something is pounding against them.

Something like dozens and dozens of infected bodies.

They must’ve heard all the noise, Yoongi realises just as the doors groan once again under the strain, an awful screeching metallic sound so loud in the silence that Yoongi knows that if nothing else, this is the end of the world.

Yoongi swallows, and with an impossible amount of effort, slowly twists his neck to look back at Taehyung—





and feels his entire world come plummeting down on top of him.





Taehyung is lying face down in the pool of blood.

He isn’t moving.

And this time, Yoongi does fall, all noise strangled to silence in his throat as he drops to his knees before Taehyung.

The world is dead silent save for the brutal sounds of bodies barrelling against metal again and again and again. But Yoongi no longer cares if the doors fly off their jambs. Doesn’t care if Namjoon and Seokjin are still watching.

With shaking hands, he pulls Taehyung up by his armpits and flips him over so he’s lying on his back.

Taehyung’s wound has started bleeding again, which is fine. He can fix this. It will be okay. He can fix this. He has to.

Because there is no other option.

Because Yoongi has no one other than Taehyung in this entire world.

The banging continues, and Yoongi feels the lift under his feet shift unsteadily. But what scares him even more is how limp Taehyung is in his arms, his clammy hand gripped tight in Yoongi’s.

Is he even breathing?

Shaking with something far worse than the cold, Yoongi swings a leg over Taehyung's hips and kneels down to bring an ear close to his bloody lips and listen for any signs of breathing.

Nothing

Swallowing down the urge to sob, Yoongi pulls away and lets go of Taehyung’s hand before bringing down the heels of his palms to the center of Taehyung’s chest and thumping it hard once, twice, thrice.

"Taehyung, come on," he cries and continues pushing his hands down on Taehyung’s chest again and again and again. There is that choking feeling again, like Yoongi’s ribs are being crushed into splinters.

There is so much that he wants to say, so much that he wishes he’d said. But now he doesn’t think he’ll ever get the chance to.

The lift shakes, rattles, and the sounds of nails scratching against metal grate against Yoongi’s ears.

And Yoongi is crying now. He’s really crying now, and he hates it. Everything hurts, and Yoongi keeps compressing Taehyung’s chest in hopes of getting him to breathe again, but he can’t help but think that he’s already too late.

"Don’t do this," Yoongi begs him. But he can’t hear anything over the sounds of the doors screeching like they’re curving under the strain and bending in, in, in.

Taehyung doesn’t respond.

"I love you," Yoongi cries, voice breaking on the words. "I love you so much. Please. Don’t do this."

Don’t die on me.

Taehyung’s face looks gray in the pale white light, blood on his nose and mouth, and a thicket of dark blue veins running under his thin skin, all the way up to his translucent eyelids.

Yoongi tilts Taehyung’s chin up and holds it in place as he pinches his nose shut with his other hand. He leans down to press his mouth over Taehyung’s and feels Taehyung’s chest rise when he blows a breath into his lungs.

He pulls back to gasp in an inhale before he's dipping down again.

And then again.

And again.

And he’s crying into Taehyung’s mouth. He doesn’t know what else to do. Doesn’t know if there’s anything left to do.

The lift shakes dangerously, and Yoongi holds onto Taehyung desperately. This is how it ends—Yoongi’s entire life, and this is how it ends.

Every crash into the doors feels like the last one. And Yoongi hates that some part of him is waiting for it, for it all to be over.

He braces for it, for the doors to finally give in and fall and crush the roof of the elevator. For the cable wires to snap and send them all plummeting down to their deaths.

But Taehyung gasps then.

And Yoongi’s eyes fly open.

He releases him and jerks back to see Taehyung’s eyes fluttering before screwing back shut in pain.

"It hurts," he croaks out, making a vaguely distressed noise.

Yoongi’s lungs almost collapse with relief, and he sags down to press a kiss to Taehyung’s forehead.

"W-what’s wrong?" Taehyung stutters out when Yoongi pulls off him, blue lips trembling around the shape of the words.

He twists his neck to look at him, eyes glazed and unfocused. And that’s when it hits Yoongi.

His eyes.

They’re gray.

"Y-yoongi?" Taehyung calls out again when Yoongi doesn’t respond, reaching out with a trembling hand to feel for him.

He can’t see.

There is blood on his mouth and the side of his face—his ear is soaked in it—and his hazy gray eyes flit around wildly in panic as Taehyung tries to grasp his surroundings.

"Did the lights go out? Why is it so—" Taehyung stops abruptly, and Yoongi watches the realisation sink into the lines of his face before cementing there thickly.

Taehyung blinks rapidly, mouth parting and then closing before he brings his shaking fingers to his face, tentatively patting the skin under his right eye.

Yoongi squeezes his eyes shut, clenching his teeth hard to hold back the sob threatening to leave his lips, but he must’ve made a sound because he feels Taehyung’s fingers reach out to hold his face, thumbs gently brushing away the tears on his cheeks.

"Don’t cry," Taehyung whispers. "Please don’t cry."

Yoongi opens his eyes to Taehyung’s ashen face and the blood splattered across it. Clumps of his bangs are stuck to his forehead, and the dark veins that engulf his face are so horrifying, Yoongi has to swallow back vomit.

So bruised, bloody, and broken, Taehyung looks just as dead as the corpse on Yoongi’s left.

"Yoon—" Taehyung starts to say, but he’s silenced by the loud screeching sounds of the doors as they put up one final fight before giving away completely.

In that brief moment they get before Yoongi is certain that this is how they die, he watches the way Taehyung’s eyes grow wide, fear hardening between the lines of his face right as the doors slam into the roof and the entire car shakes so violently, Yoongi loses his balance and just manages to catch himself on his elbows before he can go crashing into Taehyung.

The lights go out, and Yoongi doesn’t dare to breathe as the dark suddenly consumes them. Frozen stiff to his bones with fear, he feels hyperaware of every sound of the creaking suspended elevator. Any movement might cause the car to tip over.

"Yoongi," Taehyung starts again, no louder than a whisper. Their faces are only inches apart with Yoongi’s body on top of Taehyung’s, caging it as the emergency lights swing above their heads precariously.

Yoongi stops him, grabbing his wrist tight because something else is coming.

And it does.

There is that awful shrieking sound and the first infected falls on the roof with a loud sickening thud .

The car wobbles dangerously, and one of the lights falls and smashes to pieces on the floor right behind them.

Yoongi presses closer to Taehyung, curling over him protectively.

"Yoongi, look at me," Taehyung says, turning Yoongi’s face towards him with the wet palm on his cheek.  "It's okay," he whispers even though Yoongi can feel his hand trembling against his skin.

Another thud. Then a third in quick succession, and Yoongi swears he hears the metal beams screeching and crumbling under the weight.

They’re going to fall. They’re going to fall straight down to their deaths, but Yoongi can’t look away from Taehyung’s white eyes.

"It’s going to be okay," Taehyung is saying, and Yoongi can make out his bloodied lips stretching into a smile.

He might have believed him if Taehyung’s eyes weren’t glistening wet with unshed tears.

It’s not going to be okay.

Taehyung’s fingers caress Yoongi’s cheek, leaving bloody tracks as Taehyung traces his thumb along the arch of his eyebrow, then down the slope of his nose before stopping where his upper lip dips slightly.

"I wish I could see your face," Taehyung whispers quietly, and Yoongi's face crumples.

The metal roof is creaking under the strain, threatening to tear open, and Yoongi squeezes his eyes shut when the elevator slides forward in a sharp decline.

They’re going to fall.

Any second now.

They’re going to die.

"I love you," Yoongi croaks out, and Taehyung’s fingers still on his face.

He doesn’t dare to open his eyes to see Taehyung’s face, just swallows and musters up all his courage before he loses the chance.

"I love you so much. And I—I know—I know that you don’t feel the same, but still I want to say that—I love you, and I’m sorry I—I can’t help it. I—I—"

The lift jolts with a jarring jerk, and this is it, Yoongi thinks.

This is the end.

The car creaks, and with a loud groaning sound, heaves up their weight as it starts to climb up its shaft.

It takes Yoongi a moment to realise that they aren’t falling, and then his eyes fly wide open.

He yanks up his head to look at the control panel.

Eight

The number glows in the dark, and Yoongi hears the screams of the infected as they slide off the roof of the car and the elevator slowly makes its ascent.

There’s a crackle of the speaker buzzing to life, and Seokjin’s broken voice comes again.

Can ... two of you hear me? He asks, his voice breaking through in bursts in between the static and screams. We … managed … you … reach us … so stay put ... until ... eliminate the threat.

I repeat … stay put.

Seokjin’s voice cuts off just as quickly as it came, and for a moment, Yoongi remains frozen where he is.

Until the brutal realisation of just who Seokjin was calling a threat slams into him.

And then Yoongi is scrambling up. He cannot see a thing in the dark, and he’s scared of making any unnecessary movements that might cause the elevator car to finally tip over and fall.

He blindly pats for Taehyung’s arm, searching for the knife he’d used to wind the tourniquet. In the giant scheme of things, Yoongi’s feelings are of little importance, which means he’s better off focusing on the things that he can fix instead. Like making sure Taehyung doesn’t lose any more blood than he already has.

He has to save him; he’ll put himself between Seokjin’s bullet and him if he has to.

He won't lose him again. He can’t.

But just as Yoongi reaches his arm, Taehyung grabs his wrist and holds him there.

"Yoongi, stop it," he murmurs and pulls his hand away to tangle their fingers together instead. "You’ve done so much already."

Yoongi shakes his head even though Taehyung can’t see him. He’s crying again, and he hates it almost as much as everything else. If he’d done enough, they wouldn’t be here like this.

"Thank you, hyung," Taehyung says, and it’s just three words, but there is so much weight and sincerity in them that Yoongi feels like he’s been gutted.

He stares at Taehyung’s blind eyes and the blood that smears over his teeth as he speaks.

"I need you to do just one last thing for me," Taehyung whispers. "Please. It’s important."

"Yeah," Yoongi gasps out, breathless. "Yeah, anything. What is it?"

"I need you to run," Taehyung says, and he tightens his hold on Yoongi's hand as soon as he senses that Yoongi is about to fight him. "When these doors open, I need you to run away from me. I need you to run for your life."

"You can’t—" Yoongi croaks out.

"Yoongi." Taehyung smiles, pained and soft. "Please."

It’s unfair, Yoongi wants to scream at him, but he can’t bring himself to speak.

"One of us should live through this. Please. Promise me," Taehyung urges him. He’s shaking all over, and Yoongi’s hand grows numb from how hard Taehyung squeezes it, like it is the only thing holding him together.

"Promise me that you’re going to escape," Taehyung says, his voice growing desperate as he pulls Yoongi closer and whispers against his lips.

"Promise me—you’re going to live."

Yoongi is still shaking his head.

The digits on the control panel blur against his tears, but Yoongi can still make out the glowing eleven.

"No," he says. He feels Taehyung’s lips part but cuts him off before he can speak. "No, you don’t get to do this."

"Yoongi—"

"It was supposed to be me!" Yoongi gasps, and his arms shake to hold up his weight. Below him, Taehyung goes quiet.

"Why did you do it?" he goes on, voice brittle. "It was me who was going to be bitten! Why did you—" he doesn’t get to make it to the end of the question before his voice cracks, and he sounds so broken he might as well have been screaming.

"Because you didn’t deserve to die," Taehyung says quietly.

"You don’t get to fucking decide that!"

"I would do it again," Taehyung says, his jaw clenched tight with a stubbornness that Yoongi hasn’t ever seen before. "I would do it a thousand more times if it meant there was even the slightest chance that you’d get to live."

Taehyung’s chest heaves as he pants, each breath so harsh in the silence, and it’s only when he blinks that Yoongi realises—he’s crying.

"Tae…" Yoongi says, but Taehyung twists his face away.

Tears run down his cheek, and Yoongi wipes them away with his thumb.

"Please don't cry," he whispers, and when Taehyung sobs, it crushes Yoongi’s entire heart.

"It’s going to be okay," he begins saying. "We’re going to get through this—"

"During the black plague," Taehyung interrupts him as he rolls his head back to face Yoongi, eyes wet and unfocused. "You died in my arms."

Yoongi freezes.

He knows, suddenly, that this is a story he doesn’t want to hear.

"Before that, my devotees pinned you to a stake and burnt you alive because they believed you’d corrupted me."

Yoongi’s face twists once the meaning slowly starts to dawn on him.

"Taehyung," he says, and wants it to mean stop.

"1561, you were hung on a noose for a prince’s enjoyment. In 1630, you took your own life to escape slavery. In 1899, you got crushed under a truck, and in 1973, you were beaten with stones till you bled to death."

In the gray half-light, death looms low and heavy, and Taehyung inhales sharply.

"Over and over—" his voice, once so flat, cracks terribly, "you seemed to die of everything but age."

Taehyung laughs like he’s choking, and even in the dark, Yoongi can see his face shiny with tear tracks.

"Maybe there was some truth to those stories, maybe I am stealing lives. Your lives. I’ve been killing you over and over again and living off the stolen years."

"That can’t be true," Yoongi says, strangled, but it sounds weak even to his own ears.

Taehyung turns his face away so he’s facing the ceiling even though his eyes remain white and vacant. He’s shaking like a leaf, and Yoongi wants to say something—anything—but his voice fails him.

"Nothing lasts forever, I told you that once," Taehyung says so quietly, Yoongi has to strain to hear it over the sound of their panting. "But it’s not true."

"Forever is—" he gasps out and closes his eyes, "forever is the way I feel for you."

Taehyung is shivering wildly, and Yoongi wants to reach up and soothe him, but he’s frozen to his bones.

"So Min Yoongi—" Taehyung hiccups. He’s so cold, and his hand tightens around Yoongi’s, "please do not think I don’t love you."

Taehyung’s eyes clench so tight, it creases his forehead.

"My love for you is the only thing that has existed as long as I have," he lifts his eyes slowly and presses their joint hands to his cheek, "for I have not known a time when you weren’t the only thing that mattered to me."

Yoongi's throat grows painfully tight, and what little breath he had left withers and dies.

For a long moment, the only sound that remains is that of the metallic doors screeching against the walls of the shaft as the elevator slowly carries their weight to the top. The silence is heavy, and there's no sound from the speaker. It's just him and Taehyung. All alone.

The admission shouldn't matter—not now, not when they're literally seconds away from being shredded apart by bullets. It shouldn't matter—but it does matter. It matters because it's Taehyung.

It's Taehyung, and Yoongi doesn't want to think about what awaits them outside this elevator, not when the rest of him is just thinking I love you I love you I love you.

Taehyung doesn’t look like he’s breathing, and Yoongi drops down on his elbows till their chests are touching.

He settles a palm on Taehyung’s jaw instead, and Taehyung flinches, but Yoongi doesn’t move.

He doesn’t know what makes him do it.

Maybe it is the wet unfocused haze of Taehyung’s eyes and the way they don’t rest on Yoongi’s face because he can’t see him.

(And might never be able to see him.)

Or maybe it is the dreadful fourteen becoming fifteen in the corner of his vision.

Maybe it’s none of that, but Yoongi doesn’t care enough to find out because he’s squeezing his eyes shut and leaning down and kissing the corner of Taehyung’s lips quietly.

Taehyung goes very, very still.

Yoongi presses harder, desperately, to say what he cannot say with words. He digs his fingers into Taehyung’s with intent and kisses Taehyung’s cheeks, his nose and his forehead, his chin and his lips.

"We’ll make it out of here," he whispers, voice trembling. "And—and we can go stargazing, and you can be a nerd and tell me all about the lambda-cdm model."

He feels the corners of Taehyung’s lips lift up in a strained smile.

"I’ll grill us beef—we’ll steal some from Seokjin."

"He wouldn’t talk to either of us for a month," Taehyung whispers, more air than voice. "You know how petty he can get."

"It’s what he deserves for hoarding all the food."

He hears Taehyung’s quiet and tired laugh. And in that moment, Yoongi thinks that he’ll be okay with this.

Not that he has a choice. He has to be.

Taehyung doesn't ask how many floors remain. And Yoongi doesn't tell.

Sixteen

Yoongi never knew wanting something could hurt so much.

They lie in silence for a moment, and Taehyung shifts again, searching. His aim is a little off, mouth landing on the corner of Yoongi’s lips, but Yoongi corrects him with the palm on his jaw.

They’re kissing, but Taehyung is shaking too badly. His body is so cold, it does something awful to Yoongi.

"Taehyung?" he whispers, pulling back a little, but there’s no reply.

He lets go of Taehyung’s hand slowly, but Taehyung makes a weak noise of protest, and his grip, that was tight already, turns into a vice.

"Your hand is warm," Taehyung mumbles, the words barely leaving his lips. His eyes are closed, and his body is so cold, trembling so violently, Yoongi swallows down the sourness in his throat and gently brushes Taehyung’s fringe back with the hand that’s not gripped tight in Taehyung’s like the point of contact is all that’s keeping him from thrashing out in blind helplessness.

"It’s okay. It’s going to be alright," he whispers against Taehyung's lips and hopes, desperately, that it’ll be enough even though they both know that it’s not.

It’s not going to be okay.

Seventeen

"I’m sorry," Taehyung speaks again, and Yoongi can tell how much the effort exhausts him. "I lied to you."

"It’s okay," Yoongi whispers.

"No," Taehyung pants, swallowing hard. His face is pale, the blood between his teeth dark. "You—you should be angry."

"I’m not angry."

"You should be!"

"Taehyung—"

"I d-don’t understand." Taehyung's voice is broken, and it's hard to understand him now, over the sound of his sobs. "You—I lied to you. For years—I—"

"Tae...I’m not angry, I swear," Yoongi tries to placate him.

"You should," Taehyung croaks out, his voice twisting and falling apart in a way Yoongi can’t understand.

It’s okay, he tries to tell him again, but the words get caught in his throat because something in Taehyung’s face is changing, and before he can blink, Yoongi’s back is slammed hard against the floor as Taehyung flips them over and looms over him.

Yoongi’s mouth parts open with pain, but no sound comes out.

There’s something wild in Taehyung’s eyes, and Yoongi’s throat dries.

Part of him knew all this time. That it was going to end like this.

(Nothing lasts forever.)

"You should hate me," Taehyung gasps.

"I love you," Yoongi repeats, and Taehyung’s face crumples.

Veins swarming his face, his mouth and neck and chest, Taehyung’s teeth don’t show when he grimaces. His lips are red and bloodied, and he—he doesn’t look like Taehyung at all.

Yoongi isn’t even sure if the man staring down at him is Taehyung anymore, and the thought chills him to his core.

There is so much he wants to say, but there is no time, and Yoongi doesn't move when Taehyung traces his fingers along his jaw, his chin. He lets Taehyung tilt his head back and parts his lips when Taehyung sweeps a thumb across them.

Eighteen

All things come to an end, and Yoongi aches from so much crying.

"I love you," Taehyung says, but his voice is all wrong, and now that Yoongi knows to listen for it, it sounds a lot more like I'm sorry.

Yoongi feels his heart clench with so much pain.

He lifts his hand and settles his palm against Taehyung’s wet cheek, cupping it very slowly before urging him closer.

"Don’t," Taehyung says, and he sounds more terrified than Yoongi’s ever heard, his voice twisting into something foreign, something wilder, something so wrong.

"I love you too," Yoongi whispers, and he hears Taehyung sob, panicked breaths shrieking out of him as he trembles and tries to control himself.

The world is painfully quiet, and when Yoongi pulls him down, Taehyung kisses him but it's nothing like the previous kiss. It's harsh and forceful, none of the tenderness to it.

And Yoongi is shaking all over because he’s thinking of Taehyung stealing his lives, and there must be something wrong with him because Yoongi lets him, always lets him.

He lets Taehyung force a thumb inside his mouth; he isn't kissing him as much as he's forcibly pushing Yoongi's jaw open. And crushed up so small underneath him, Yoongi opens his mouth wide and lets Taehyung push all of his fingers and teeth and blood onto his tongue and throat till it feels like he’s being buried alive.



For better or worse, he’ll give all his years to Taehyung.



Each time Yoongi tries to breathe, he feels the blood seep down further inside his burning lungs. The conflict feels a world away, and for whatever reason, the end of it all is so quiet.

The feel of Taehyung—his fingers and teeth sunk in Yoongi’s mouth and their chests pressed together—it drowns out everything else.

Even the ding! of the elevator doors.





Nineteen





And then the seemingly endless thunder of bullets barrelling into metal.
